README.md, before:

# Lexigram - Web App

This is a web grame created for students to learn English vocabulary through mini games. The game will remain free to play and ads-free forever.

It can be accessed [here](https://lexigramapp.com)

Currently, it's powered by [Supabase](https://supabase.com/) and under active devlopment.

This project also leveraged the following frontend tech:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Testing

The project uses [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) for unit and integration testing.

To run the test suite, use the following command:

```
yarn test
```

This will execute all the tests in the project and display the results in the console.

## Want to contribute?

I welcome any contributions to make this app better. Currently, the app can be improved by the following:

- increased test coverage
- better documentation

Commit message:

add test coverage command and notes

README.md, after:

# Lexigram - Web App

This is a web grame created for students to learn English vocabulary through mini games. The game will remain free to play and ads-free forever.

It can be accessed [here](https://lexigramapp.com)

Currently, it's powered by [Supabase](https://supabase.com/) and under active devlopment.

This project also leveraged the following frontend tech:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Testing

The project uses [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) for unit and integration testing.

To run the test suite, use the following command:

```
yarn test
```

This will execute all the tests in the project and display the results in the console.

To show test coverage, use the following command:

```
yarn coverage
```

Currently, the test coverage is very low, so it should be a priority to increase it by adding more tests before developing further features.

## Want to contribute?

I welcome any contributions to make this app better. Currently, the app can be improved by the following:

- increased test coverage
- better documentation
